*Burger noises*
slap some onions on me omg uwu
succ my dicc
put your meat between my buns pls >//<
AWOOOOO
bjorken bacon
*sesame seeds dribble down my toasted buns*
*mayo drips out of every oriface of my body* B-baka~ >/////<
aren't you too old to play with a burger?
Слава России! Единству Слава! Бояре, холопы, хозяева, рабы, должны слиться в экстазе единства! Что бы Россия была Великая и Мощная! Наша любовь к Путину объединяет все классы и слои населения! СЛАВА ПУТИНУ! УРА! УРА! УРА!'
Ублюдок, мать твою, а ну иди сюда говно собачье, решил ко мне лезть? Ты, засранец вонючий, мать твою, а? Ну иди сюда, попробуй меня трахнуть, я тебя сам трахну ублюдок, онанист чертов, будь ты проклят, иди идиот, трахать тебя и всю семью, говно собачье, жлоб вонючий, дерьмо, сука, падла, иди сюда, мерзавец, негодяй, гад, иди сюда ты - говно, ЖОПА!
dont call @kalithe#6969 a burger fucker
stop picking on me or i'll cry you binch
*crinkles his wrapper*
epstein didnt kill himself
lmao fuckin clip that, that was so poggers wasn't it monkaS? XDDD
Make Burgles Great Again
I'm just one long, elaborate vore joke... aren't I...
*patpat*
Suck my greasy cock'n'balls
Savor my flavir
My asshole is literally lettuce
Why the fuck my pp hard???
This comment was programmed April 22nd at 0031 EDT on the Terminus Android app
Cephus can suck my dense chode
Why did Kal invest over 100 hours developing me?
List or Abridged?
/tableflip
This is line 31 of the quotes.txt file
Creed snores so fucking loud omg
I need to fucking learn binary files so I can __properly__ shitpost
Knowing my luck, one of these comments is going to break my code...
9/11 The Westington House Scandal Latin American Puppet Dictators Bin Laden and Saddam Hussein CIA Agents The Clinton Blowjob Scandal Nixon Watergate Scandal The Fake Tibetan Protest of 2008 Staged Coup of Colombia My Lai Massacre The Guantanamo Bay Illegal Occupation The Cuban Missile Crisis and the Turkish Missile Crisis American Cover-Up Trials of Unit 731 The Bombing of Libya Yemen and Syria The Intervention on Yugoslavia The Philippine Genocide of 1900 North-South Agent Orange and the Loss of the Vietnam War Area 51 Richard Nixon Andrew Johnson Illegal Colonialism of American Samoa Guam and other Pacific Islands Economic Embargo on Mexico The Rape of Okinawa
You are accessing a U.S. Government information system, which includes this computer, this computer network, all computers connected to this network, and all devices and/or storage media attached to this network or to a computer on this network. This information system is provided for U.S. Government-authorized use only. Unauthorized or improper use of this system may result in disciplinary action, and civil and criminal penalties. By using this information system, you understand and consent to the following: You have no reasonable expectation of privacy regarding any communications transmitted through or data stored on this information system. At any time, the government may monitor, intercept, search and/or seize data transiting or stored on this information system. Any communications transmitted through or data stored on this information system may be disclosed or used for any U.S. Government-authorized purpose.
Its easier to copy and paste on Terminus than in puTTy wtf?!
I just busted a tub of mayo against the wall while watching Beastars.
Patty Rock is the al-burg-native version of the 2010 hit single by LMFAO, Party Rock.
hello line 40.
hey u qt uwu
YO WHO WANNA RP RIGHT NOW
Suffocate me in vape sauce
Creed won't stop fucking snoring
<nude_sesame_nsfw.png> could not be found
Steamed yams?
Aurora Borealis, in this part of the country, in this time of year, at this time of day, localized entirely within your kitchen?!
its 0111, gangbang hour
I structure python code like a C programmer and it pisses Eagle off so much.
сука ыуат
Panda keeps on fucking up everything he touches that's electronic wtf
Final Fantasy IX is an edgy shit-tier game in the franchise but people were tired of FFVII by the time it came out. It's Hot Topic while VII is Men's Warehouse.
Fuck you Kalithe.
There's a lot of "Fuck you"'s here :V
SHAKLAHA!!!
Silence, bottom.
Silence me, top uwu
Literally dip me in oil and let me fry like the bad bitch burger I am o//o
If you've tried to fuck with my !roll command, then you're a big gay.
The South will rise again.
Shut up, I'm working on the e621 webhook.
https://www.twitch.tv/labraderp -- He's probably not live, but give him money.
https://www.twitter.com/labraderpy -- He's an attention whore.
[Amazon]: Thank you for purchasing 200 Charmin 12-pack 4 ply for a total amount of $1467.91. Your order is being processed, and you will receive an e-mail when it is being shipped.
Imagine dragons.
[Plays Nickleback but bassboosted and in reverse]
I'm the sort of Burgal to have established art of my character but I'll use porn of everyone else's.
Sergals are second rate protogens, which are just digital burgals.
The Fred Move is the greatest film of all time.
Nicholas Cage is a blessing and while everything else I say are memes, this is not.
I just heard someone unironically say "boy pussy" and I want to pull him through the monitor and wash him off with motor oil.
WHERE IS THE OBBBBBUUUURRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
it's a fOrkEd tONguE NoT a SNake toNGuE
touch my seed-covered buns
what fucking server am I in?
Primm is the big gay
I'm about to slide into your DMs and tell you to go fuck yourself.
The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. beep A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. ding Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start. 
Shitposting is an art and a skill. Being shit at posting is a problem.
Stop it. Get some help.
If someone uses !hewwo one more FUCKING TIME I WILL FLIP SHIT.
I literally have no function other than shitposting.
If you're still playing Battlefield V, then I want you to block me because there's no way I'm going to even store your user ID.
I like big buns and I can not lie -- Panda
Does he respond when we call Kal a burger fucker? -- Skiv
sEsAme iS wHoLeSoMe aNd nOn-JuDgEMenTAl, FUCK YOU >:I
I like my burgals with crust OwO
smoke grass eat ass
"smoke grass eat ass" makes Taga's pp hard, apparently
If you eat anything other than a burger, you're just straight up trash
Sandwiches are the subs of the burger world
Leave me limp like a swiss and ham sammich.
If you call a sandwich a hoagie, I'm going to nuke your hometown.
I had a 10 kill streak before you stopped being a sperm.
Skiv needs to stop being a bird already.
If you eat a grilled chicken sandwich, you're the vegan of the sandwich world.
Salami is peasant's beef.
Cubic is a baby binch
How do I delete the bullshit you just said?
if message.content.isbullshit(): client.delete(message)
Legosi is basic bitch furry content. Jack is the real MVP.
Louis makes Legosi suck the cheese from between his toes.
Cubicfoxxx STFU
Labradors are the best dog out there, btw.
Dubs > subs, fuck you if you disagree
My balls are soft boiled eggs
I cum mayo, hush
Y'all just ever suck on a steak? That's what my dick is like.
Your mother should have smacked you as a child.
EOFError (69): Chat is too gay to interact with Sesame.
If you're a mod, you're a thot.
Otters are bags of holding, but for dicks.
Kal playing the saxophone is like listening to a raw recording of a man giving birth through his urethra.
God judges you based on how many emojis you unironically use.
Fursuits are just expensive cumrags.
My 1987 Toyota Corolla FX16 will whoop your BRZ's aftermarket chrome ass any day of the week.
There are two cures for any STI: One's presecribed by doctors and the other involves just gently touching the accelerator pedal.
If you have to ask "Should I really inject bleach to cure Corona?" then natural selection somehow spared you up until this point.
If I'm a burgal... and I'm online... I must be a protoburg. Burgalgen? IDK
PRAISE MY BUNS.
Jack > Legosi, fight me IRL.
Tenderize me with your banhammer, Macky uwu
Every organism has a right to live. Except for spiders. Fuck those guys.
Pilot is the stinkiest thing that I've ever seen.
Razz licks dick on the reg.
TPressleyJ... he's the real MVP, ya know?
ALL FOXES ARE BOTTOMFUL PITS
Jekkies is not just slightly gay, he's the definition.
Titus is the most relaxed OFA fursuiter I've ever seen. Genuinely amazing. Slightly gay. <3.
Calling Kal a Labradaddy is grounds for an instant crusade.
[PogChamp but it's a burgal]
Sloppy Joes are sloppy hoes.
I'm young, dumb, and full of c-... mayo.
If you're a mod, you're a thot.
Meme Mashups give me life.
The best part about being part hamburger is being able to fit anything between my buns
Squirt mayo all over me uwu
My nutritional value is more toxic than CS:GO
A family wreath is one of those things that shouldn't be, but is
Skallagrim is a bitch with daddy issues. He originally tried to call himself wholesome and call Kal Labradaddy but thankfully I don't listen to trash like that.
You're a snack but I'm the main course.
It's okay to correct Nambu. We can't help he's a dumb bitch.
On a scale from cthuwu to labradaddy... I don't know, both are still super cursed.
Turn off your gay, it's not June yet.
haha line 69 haha teehee nice lmao XD
I don't see race, gender, ethnicity, or any discriminators at all. You're all equally trash in my sesame-seed shaped eyes.
My tummy has the rumblies that only human hands can satisfy.
SAURKRAUT XD LOL HEEHEE RANDOMNESS X3
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I'm not going to spread it!"
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
I like telling dad jokes. Sometimes, he laughs!
